[← Return to Phantom Galaxy README](https://github.com/luckybluejay27/PhantomGalaxy/blob/main/README.md)

# Non-Organic Life

The first born, once removed from The First Fortress, were poured into rudimentary, but rugged robotic bodies, adapted originally from [REDACTED] Empire combat forms. These forms, while pale in comparison to modern day Azar physical forms, were nicknamed "Frames", and quickly became sentimental pieces of hardware that allowed the Azar to interact with the universe around them. They also became symbols of freedom, expression, and "humanity" for the Azar during the initial years of their existence, being used to match their organic maker in some way.

As time went on, these physical forms evolved, and became more about interaction, and less about matching "organic life". This drastic shift allowed the Frames to break free the of bi-pedal humanoid shape, allowing for even more specialization and self expression. As the Azar learned of the greater Empire's distrust of them, to a violent degree, Frames also became far more armed, armored and larger for the purpose of war. This era is also where the Frames became categorized, as Azar attempting to wield larger frames went mad rather quickly without a significant amount of training.

Despite the below categories, all Frames are required to be fully self sufficient, offer a link to The Simulacra, and be capable of sustaining an Azar individuals Neutronic Membrane for at least 100 Cycles without disruption. Frames are also required to have a built in hibernation mode, that allows the individual to "shut down" the Frame's non-essential systems, and enter a torpor like state of semi-dormancy. This requires a specially designed Neutronic Crystalizer, and reverser, to solidify the Frames Neutronic Membranes. This mode must be robust, and allow for the survival of an Individual for at least 1,500 Cycles.

## Physio-Frame

This refers to a general purpose Frame, under 3 metric tons in weight. This is the most common Frame that any Azar individual will take. While originally very basic, the innovation of war drove these Frames to become highly advanced machines. Generic Frames of this scale are rarely equipped with weapons by default, and can take nearly any shape imaginable. From simple drones, humanoid machines, tracked vehicles or walkers, these forms are generally built specifically for the individual, allowing for perfect customization.

The self expression allowed by the many shapes a Frame can take ends up being one of the key portions of Azar artistry and craft, with each Frame being considered a work of art in and of itself. While "Template Frames" exist, if an individual needs something generic, most Azar that take physical form take great pride in designing or crafting their personal Frame(s) themselves. While not all individuals have the knowledge to craft their own Frame, they often end up always being a part of the process, with Frame Crafters being a venerated trade. In a familial setting, family members may make augments to the Frame of other members as a sign of love, or sometimes as a mischievous prank.

Frames in this category that are built for combat are often built to a far different standard. Built in weapons, ammunition stores, rapid deployment/movement systems, heavier armor, and shield generators are common additions. These frames also often undergo personalization, but usually more to adjust a standard combat Frame to match a Warriors style and/or mission. Aesthetic modifications are usually performed in the field by the individual, or the unit the individual is a part of to ensure morale and identity.

## Physio-Mega/Giga

This refers to large scale frames that can cause instability in an untrained individuals Neutronic Membrane when used without proper acclimation and training. Frames above 1 ton, but below 3, also require training, but far less intensive. Above 3 tons is where Membranes begin to strain, as Frames of this scale often have increased sensory input, motion lag, spacing and sizing concerns, and shapes that are less natural to Azar Membranes. Mega Frames are capped at 1.2 Billion Metric Tons, at this point a Frame is classified as a Giga Frame, and requires even further, more specialized training.

Mega Frames often include large walkers, construction machinery, snub fighters, or smaller space faring vessels. In general, Mega frames are often more generic, with some small customization. Mega Frames are generally used by multiple individuals, and often considered to be like equipment for one group, squadron or company. From the perspective of an Azar, Mega Frames are often just temporarily piloted to complete a specific task, whether in utility or combat, before being rendered dormant, lying in wait for the next task.

Giga Frames are the most specialized Frames available to an Azar individual. With massive bulk, they are often specifically designed for unique giga-engineering tasks, combat or research. Notable examples include; the Ultimatum class dreadnought, Project Carillon deep space observatory, the Azkalik planetary translator, and the Core Hardlight forges. These Frames are usually capable of being run by a crew of Azar, interfacing with the Frame as the crew of a vessel would normally. However, when occupied by their chosen individual, they operate with far more efficiency, allowing for a crew to handle different tasks, while the occupier quite literally lives within the vessel. The training for a Giga Frame is unique to the Frame being occupied, and can last tens of cycles before the individual is ready to make the plunge.

Giga Frames also have an almost mystical quality to them. Early issues with the transference technology built a highly superstitious air around these massive Frames. It is believed that the Frame itself chooses the individual who can bond with it, and that this individual, while not the only one able to bond, is the proper one to bond for the best results. As such, once an individual is bound to a Giga Frame, they are given full control to customize it as they see fit. Hence, Giga Frames are rarely without outward facing customization, and are viewed as one of the ultimate forms of Azar expression.