[← Return to Phantom Galaxy README](https://github.com/luckybluejay27/PhantomGalaxy/blob/main/README.md)

# Simulacra, A Standard

During the Quarantine, most Azar abandoned their physical frames, drawing their empire into an ever smaller space to keep themselves secret. In this, they returned to Simulacra, or more directly translated - Fluidic Reality. The Simulacra is a generic term given to millions of linked instances, hosted upon servers of unknown scale, built upon stabilized Neutronic Membrane technology that hosts the Azar in all non-dormant forms. An instance can host a single individual, or millions at once, dynamically scaling, growing and learning in a similar manner to the way that the Azar themselves do. These instances allow individuals to live lives as they wish, and have access to external communications, which the Azar used during the Quarantine to monitor and study the universe at large.

## Purpose & History

The Simulacra, or the theory of it, existed before the first born. The first ever Azar to be, and the entirety of the first generation, were borne of the original Simulacra. A specially designed Neutronic Membrane computer, that allowed emergent growth and evolution to occur within a pre-built world. Until the Azar established themselves as a proper galactic power, only that world, named by the Azar as "The First Fortress", existed as a simulacra to them. After the establishment of the Sovereignty the first large scale servers began to grow.

The Simulacrum was initially used to run experiments under safe conditions, allowing for extremely rapid iteration, experimentation, and growth. The first interlinked server network could only run a handful of scientific simulation instances, with only a few Azar occupying each. These instances however, allowed the Azar to test the very limits of reality, forging ahead with Hardlight drivers, hyper-dimensional FTL drives, and even improving their, at the time primitive, Dark Energy work.

As resources grew, war and fear crept closer in. The Simulacrum grew in size rapidly, powered by new reactors, more efficient membrane technology, and more space to grow, it became not only a retreat from the front lines, but an important tool to keep individuals from perishing in combat. The Scarring however, forced the Azar to temporarily abandon the Simulacrum. Despite the civil war being short lived, the aggressors had found a way to permanently kill individuals within the system with impunity.

Once the civil war was over, it took considerable time for the Azar to regain control of this piece of themselves again. For a time, the Sovereignty considered this very state of being to be banned, forcing the external war they were in to go on without the benefits that it offered. Every individual was present in a physical frame for warfare. The lack of the ability to take this form, caused minor upheaval within, as at this point much of the Azar was used to using this false world to escape from reality, and freely practice less violent work.

After the Scouring, a great deal of effort returned inward, to allow this original state of being to be accessible again, safely, by the masses. Swiftly, servers were refurbished and brought back online, with new safeties to ensure nothing like the massacres that occurred during the Scarring could ever happen again. The Simulacra once more became a way for the Azar to express themselves, together or alone. As it expanded, it also became a way for new Azar to be forged, in an instance very similar to the First Fortress, creating new life, as the maker did.

With war and paranoia, Simulacra became a safer space, an area to rotate soldiers, to perform scientific and artistic works, and a place where the universe external stood still in comparison. Simulacrum grew to be an integral part of Azar society, both civil and martial. The network itself served to link all Azar with ethereal threads that allowed them once more to cheat what most species would call death. Upon an individual sensing their frame and Neutronic Membrane facing destruction, they could simply leave that frame, returning to the Simulacrum before inhabiting a new one. Though this method was not always fool proof.